Add parent ID query (#8384)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/joining/index.md

OpenSearch is a distributed system in which data is spread across multiple nodes. Thus, running a SQL-like JOIN operation in OpenSearch is resource intensive. As an alternative, OpenSearch provides the following queries that perform join operations and are optimized for scaling across multiple nodes:

> - Queries to search [nested]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/nested/) fields:

Reviewer: "to search" should either be "for searching" or "that search".

> - Queries to search [nested]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/nested/) fields:

Author: ```suggestion
- Queries for searching [nested]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/nested/) fields:
```

    - `nested` queries: Act as wrappers for other queries to search [nested]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/nested/) fields. The nested field objects are searched as though they were indexed as separate documents.

> - Queries to search documents connected by a [join]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/join/) field type, which establishes a parent/child relationship between documents in the same index:

Reviewer: Same

> - Queries to search documents connected by a [join]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/join/) field type, which establishes a parent/child relationship between documents in the same index:

Author: ```suggestion
- Queries for searching documents connected by a [join]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/join/) field type, which establishes a parent/child relationship between documents in the same index:
```
